travel paid for. There is a system you are becoming familiar with. DTs
defense travels Irv's is on. It's an overrated system. They pay for
your tickets. You want you get old, you need to go somewhere you do.
You go into DTs, you plan your trip, then the contacts also supply
officer will get you a travel about your number that supplies and they
booked travel. And you also have your government travel card because
he'll be issued that you haven't already been issued. And then
they could book the ticket. You execute the travel, and then at the
end, you come back and you file a travel. He your receipts, anything
over 25 bucks. Although I'm told that has changed. I kept everything
every received over $25. Now you just file it. Fill that out. Um,
we used to have travel clerks fill all this out for you. I think the
case anymore, you have to become your own expert travel, filling out
those things. Probably the hardest part travel. We'll have to travel.
Make sure that you get all your expenses. That phone struggles for
job